>> This is "Nuevo".
On December 10,
2006, Antonio Urzi
would record one of the
most extraordinary videos
of all time--
a Virgin in the sky.
Several people would witnessed
the remarkable apparition,
an event that was even
announced in advance.
This is the story.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Gaia presents "Nuevo",
with Jaime Maussan.
>> On December 10, 2006,
around 2:00 in the afternoon,
Antonio and Simona Sibila
observed an eagle in the sky,
as if announcing an event.
At least, that's
what Antonio thought.
Giorgio Bongiovanni had told him
that the Virgin would give him
a signal, and that's
exactly what happened.
The incident without
precedent occurred
before many people who saw it.
It is a real case that
we will analyze deeply,
because this story is unique,
and you will be a witness.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Here, we can see a
human figure in the sky.
It seems that a
blue cloak covers it
over a white dress,
curiously, the way
we see the Virgin very often.
In the image, the figure seems
to hold a child in her arms.
This is very intriguing, perhaps
never before recorded on video.
Antonio made the
film from his house
in Cinisello Balsamo, a suburb
of Milan, on December 10, 2006,
around 2:00 o'clock
in the afternoon.
Neighbors, including
children, witnessed the event.
A few days later, Antonio Urzi
described the facts to us.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Let's go here.
This is the location
where I shoot.
I was ready to
see something new,
but I did not expect a
figure like this, which
reminds me of the Virgin Mary.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Yes, fortunately the
sighting lasted two hours,
from 2:00 in the
afternoon, till 4:00.
Then I changed to this position.
The image looked over there.
Very slowly it came
in this direction.
I had a feeling that I
had to go to the street,
and I found many witnesses.
By pure luck, I could film
the testimony of many people
who saw.
This happened on a Sunday.
I had a cassette to
record about 53 minutes.
That is why I had to divide
the time between two hours
and entirely use the tape.
At 4:00 in the afternoon, the
image began to go away slowly.
Almost 12 years
later, Antonio we
counted this outstanding event.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> That's right, Jaime.
In 2006, on December
10th, the Virgin
was manifested in the
sky of Cinisello Balsamo.
It was truly amazing,
because the entire event
lasted for two hours, from
2:00 to 4:00 in the afternoon.
And it was witnessed by
almost two dozen people
in all that time.
I managed to film
it from the street,
and also from the living
room of the house.
The video shows these people
watching the event, even
with binoculars.
I remember that I only had
a videotape for 53 minutes,
and at the end, at 4:00
o'clock in the afternoon,
my camera suddenly stopped
working and became unusable.
But we managed to capture
these excellent images, where
it is clearly seen that
it is the Virgin Mary.
Analysis were made,
and statements
were taken from all
the witnesses, who
confirmed the sighting.
Another very particular
thing is that I
had a strange and intense
feeling in my heart.
At first, I thought it
was the figure of a saint,
but later we found out that it
was the Virgin, by her dress.
The camera was analyzed.
The quality was not
excellent, however,
you can perceive the silhouette.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> The camera just broke.
It was useless.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> I don't know, but
after all these years,
I think I have a theory.
Something emanated
in the form of energy
from the image of the Virgin,
and that affected the mechanism
of the video camera.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> Well, the day was great.
Typical for December.
Sunday, without much
cold, blue skies.
Everything was perfect.
We at home had been thrilled the
day before with great harmony.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> In this high contrast
image, we can see more clearly
the silhouette of the
video of the Virgin.
Now, let's look at a variety of
representations of the Virgin
and Child, and make a comparison
with the different postures
of the Virgin in the video.
It is truly extraordinary,
and we can describe
this phenomenon as unique.
Luca Ricci, a nine-year-old boy,
gave his testimony a few weeks
after the emotional revelation.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> I have seen the Virgin
with a baby in her arms.
She wore a blue cloak, and
had a halo on her head.
It was golden and bright, and
she was suspended in the sky.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Yes, as if it
were a white sphere.
She had a halo and bare feet.
She was surrounded by a
bright white background
that was visible in the sky.
When I saw her for the first
time, her hands were together.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> So, as if she were praying.
Then, after a while, she was
carrying a baby in her arms.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> No, never anything like this.
>> I believe that she
was a real person.
She moved a lot.
There was a white circle, and
it moved in different parts.
When she moved, it seemed
like she was walking.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> No, he wasn't moving.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> No, because he was
in his mother's arms.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> No, I could not see that.
Although his skin was pale.
>> Luca Ricci drew this figure
of what he saw that afternoon,
on December 10, 2006.
The image describes
all the details
that so impressed this child.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> This fact has brought us
all the happiness of the stars.
In the case of the child,
he has explained what
he saw through the binoculars.
And these are drawings
of what he saw.
The first is the description
of his textural words.
It is a woman dressed
in a light blue dress.
She has bare feet and
is standing on a sphere.
Then he said that he
clearly saw crown, which
could have been very small.
When I asked him again, I said,
Luca, tell me what you see.
Describe to me as best
you can what you see here.
Simona was present when I asked
the question, and Luca says,
how beautiful!
I can see it very well!
It seems she has something
in her hands, like a child.
Then I asked him to draw a
picture of what he described,
which is very important,
because no one had told him
that it was a crown.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> In the video, it is clear in
certain positions that it has
a crown, but not in the
classic way as the Virgin is
represented, the crown above,
which is usually described
as an aura.
The one I see is more
like the representation
of the Virgin of Fatima.
In the video I saw it like that.
And the boy saw it in the same
when he referred to the crown.
I had never told the child
that there was a crown.
This was his
description, and that
is what I recorded on the
occasion of Jaime Maussan's
visit to Italy.
And it remains as a testimony.
[SOUND EFFECT]
>> More than 12 years after
the extraordinary event,
Luca Ricci confirmed before our
cameras the testimony that he
gave in January 2007.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Yes, I have it in my memory.
I remember we were at
my grandmother's house.
Antonio was recording
one of his videos.
Then he called us to
observe what he was seeing.
It was a luminous figure in the
sky, with a child in its arms.
I was left speechless by what
I was seeing with my own eyes.
It was really
something fascinating.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Yes.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Of course.
I remember many details.
Even though several years
have already passed,
that experience is something
that will always stay with me.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Well, it's not something
you see every day.
It fills me with emotion
just thinking about it now,
and remembering it.
There were many experiences
that I had that day.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Yes, the figure in the sky
with the baby in her arms,
dressed in a blue cloak.
Basically, that was it.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Yes.
Yes, I saw it on the
camcorder with my own eyes.
Of course, I could
appreciate it better
with the camera due
to the distance.
It was not the same to see
it with just your eyes alone.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> She was standing with
the child in her arms,
and seemed to move in the
middle of luminous sphere.
But her face was not
clear, only her figure.
There were two
different people--
the baby and the Virgin.
>> Simona Sibila was also a
witness that Sunday afternoon,
December 10, 2006.
She recalls that the previous
evening, Saturday the 9th,
was exceptional.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> We felt an inner
peace between us,
as I believe we'd
never had before.
That is difficult,
especially for Antonio.
It was really something
extraordinary.
It was as if an
exquisite ecstasy
surrounded us with
great tranquility.
There came a time when
we looked at each other
and said, how
strange that we feel
this at the same
time, a serenity that
is not common in this house.
The next day, Antonio
went to the window,
because he felt something
was calling him.
And then we saw a white object
coming slowly towards us.
The object was a white
light, very bright.
Rather, I would say
that it was a light that
emanated and vibrated.
It generated energy
that seemed endless.
We only filmed more
normal objects.
This one was different, and
kept moving forward to us.
At that time, Antonio's
camera was not very modern.
By the way, when he
finished recording,
the camera broke and
did not work again.
As I said, the
figure came closer,
but we did not know
she was the Virgin.
We saw that later.
First, we thought it was maybe
a saint or a mystical object.
At no time did we think
it was the Virgin.
But then we saw the
characteristics of her figure,
and the child in her arms.
As witnesses, we have my
sister and my brother.
I also remember that
before filming the Virgin,
I took the video of an
eagle above my house.
At that time, many
eagles passed by here,
and that seemed
significant to me.
I also remember another
very particular thing
that happened in April.
The last time that
Antonio filmed,
a week before, Giorgio
Bongiovanni had called him
and said, Antonio, get
ready, because you are going
to receive an important signal.
Antonio thought it would be
a spaceship, because it's
what he always films,
but then, in a week,
he recorded the Virgin.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> There is no doubt that this
is something extraordinary.
And so far, no one has
tried to discredit it.
How does his appearance
relate to the phenomenon
that Antonio Urzi
continually records?
In the video, you can see
that a small sphere approaches
the figure of the Virgin.
No one has been
able to explain why.
However, you can draw
your own conclusions.
Upon completion of this
part of the investigation,
it is evident the
extraordinary sensitivity
of Antonio Urzi,
who has obtained
some of the best evidence
for the extraterrestrial
phenomenon.
All the research is there for
those who want to analyze it,
and it serves as proof of
this marvelous reality.
Giorgio Bongiovanni is a
man who presents in his body
the wounds of Christ, and who
bleeds through them literally
every day.
This event began on
September 2, 1989,
when, in front of dozens
of witnesses in Fatima
in Portugal, the wounds
of Jesus spontaneously
appeared in his hands,
then on his feet and side,
causing admiration and
respect throughout the world.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> In my opinion, Antonio's
experiences are very similar
to those of Giorgio Bongiovanni.
The two unite their
incredible abilities
in the mystical
and cosmic part--
the stigmatized
and the contacted.
There is a very
close relationship
between the two of them.
You know that many times
Giorgio notifies Antonio
that he is going
to record an event,
and that happens
a few days later.
In the video of the
Virgin, the two qualities,
mysticism and extraterrestrial
contact, are combined.
The video is fascinating
because the figure
is human, feminine, very
similar to the many painted
representations of the Virgin
that exists in the world.
Another point of
interest is that a sphere
is passes below the Virgin,
and the female figure
carries a child in her arms.
She moves, she turns her head.
I think it is a unique event
in the history of humanity.
Never seen anything like
it about the Virgin.
So summarizing, in the case
of Antonio and Giorgio,
the video combines the two
manifestations-- the cosmic
and the divine, the mystical.
>> A week before the
extraordinary apparition,
Giorgio told Antonio Urzi that
he would get a vision from
the Virgin, exactly
as it happened.
Why has this event,
that in the past
would have been
considered a miracle,
not received any attention
from the public or the media?
Giorgio Bongiovanni responded.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Today, in our
materialistic modern society,
a large percentage of people now
have easy access to the latest
technology.
Video cameras can be purchased
with the best image definition.
They can do with them what
they like without hesitation.
It is a double-edged sword--
one being indifferent, and
the other is materialism--
which makes us ignorant to
extraordinary realities.
For many, the
civilizations of antiquity
are considered
savage or backward,
which is not the case.
I think we have fallen
behind spiritually,
despite the
technological revolution.
If Antonio's video had
been filmed 50, or 60,
or 70 years ago, a global
commotion would have occurred.
But not today, because
very few get excited
about the search for
God and spirituality.
[SOUND EFFECT]
>> It is essential to know
the evidence to determine its
authenticity.
If they are real, that
indicates that Antonio is not
only an exceptional person, but
that the extraterrestrial visit
is true.
In the next part of
this investigation,
we will know all
the analyses that
had been done on these
images, and the results
that we have obtained.
I am Jaime Maussan,
and I wait for you
in the next episode of "Nuevo."
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Gaia presented "Nuevo,"
with Jaime Maussan.